README.md, before:

# Expense-Tracker-Application
An application to help one track their epenses

#### To do List
- Allow input of Date,item bought/ how money was used,description and amount used
- Show a summary of each item bought in a period of time
- charts for the summary of each item
- charts for the monthly expense



Budget: , Remaining: , Spent so far:

Summary indicate the Expense and the amount, with an option to show the details.

Add tab
Date (Selection)-> Expense(Dropdown with an option to add an item) -> Description (how the money was used) -> Amount used (in Ksh)


inspiration: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/react-budget-tracker-app/

#### Still remaining
- PieChart to remain as is.
- Linechart to show a chart of months vs total expense
- Allow creation of transactions - Done: fetch data once an item has been added
- Add a settings tab for preferences
- Add a budget tab for configuring the budget for the month
- Add a heading to items on the overview page
- to select a different month, load all the budgets and use their start and endDate to load transactions
- How do we budget for Categories

Commit message:

fixed data fetching after adding a transaction

README.md, after:

# Expense-Tracker-Application
An application to help one track their epenses

#### To do List
- Allow input of Date,item bought/ how money was used,description and amount used
- Show a summary of each item bought in a period of time
- charts for the summary of each item
- charts for the monthly expense



Budget: , Remaining: , Spent so far:

Summary indicate the Expense and the amount, with an option to show the details.

Add tab
Date (Selection)-> Expense(Dropdown with an option to add an item) -> Description (how the money was used) -> Amount used (in Ksh)


inspiration: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/react-budget-tracker-app/

#### Still remaining
- Linechart to show a chart of months vs total expense
- Let the date be a time stamp for sorting - using date modified
- Add a settings tab for preferences
- Add a budget tab for configuring the budget for the month
- to select a different month, load all the budgets and use their start and endDate to load transactions
- How do we budget for Categories
- Deleting and editing an item
